MTA-6214: 8.0.0 Install guide still points to 7.3 UI and CLI guides (#228)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/developer-lightspeed/con_persistent-volumes.adoc

= Persistent volume requirements

[role="_abstract"]
The Solution Server component requires a backend database to store code changes from previous analyses.

> If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` `RWO` persistent volume used by the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:{mta-URL}/user_interface_guide/mta-7-installing-web-console-on-openshift_user-interface-guide#openshift-persistent-volume-requirements_user-interface-guide[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.

Reviewer: Persistent volume requirements are now in the Install guide.
```suggestion
If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` `RWO` persistent volume used by the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:{mta-URL}/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/index#persistent-volume-requirements_installing-mta-ui[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.
```

> If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` `RWO` persistent volume used by the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/migration_toolkit_for_applications/{DocInfoProductNumber}/html/user_interface_guide/mta-7-installing-web-console-on-openshift_user-interface-guide#openshift-persistent-volume-requirements_user-interface-guide[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` `RWO` persistent volume used by the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:{mta-URL}/user_interface_guide/mta-7-installing-web-console-on-openshift_user-interface-guide#openshift-persistent-volume-requirements_user-interface-guide[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.
```
